
= Weakness to Silver
Ghosts are weak against Silver

= Immaterial
Ghosts are, typically speaking, intangible and unable to interact directly with the world.

= Material Attachment
Stuff

= Spiritual Psychology
The primary variance in different spirits lies in their psychology. At the core the various spirits that roam Gaia are those who were unable to pass on for some reason or another. The things that keep them chained to this world are anchors. These anchors, while purely mental, can represent very real or even conceptual things. Every spirit is different in that regard.

There's no real limit onw hat exactly can be the anchor or anchors that bind a spirit to this plane. Some are bound by sense of duty, material possessions, or even people. Some spirits are simply bound by having not wanted to die so soon. Though it is unusual, it's possible for a spirit to form new anchors over time and discard others.

Due to their psychology, a spirit is at its most powerful when it has a purpose and the will to execute that purpose. A normally weak or even benign spirit can be extremely dangerous when things important to it are threatened or put at risk. Those looking to protect or even destroy something are often among the most powerful.

Unless outright destroyed a spirit will remain indefinitely until it has lost the will to live. At such a point the spirit will fade away and pass on to the next realm.

= Possession
Most ghosts have at least a limited ability to possess people as well as things. In the case of people, possession can either be voluntary or involuntary. Voluntary possession is generally easy and can be maintained for an indefinite period of time assuming the vessel allows it. Involuntary possession is much more difficult, requiring the spirit be vastly stronger than that of the vessel other through other means.

In addition to people it's also possible for ghosts to possess items. Though it cannot be maintained indefinitely spirits have been known to possess a variety of items and even specially built constructs designed to be possessed by a spirit.

= Bodyless
Ghosts are spirits or souls that lack a body. Thus, they naturally possess a Constitution of 0, and use their Power characteristic in place of it.

= Level Penalty
+ 2

= Characteristic Bonuses
Power + 2
Willpower Bonus + 1
